# rules here are only for sake of successful emerge.
# can be removed when not necessary

dev-libs/openssl -tls-heartbeat
net-misc/curl -adns
net-analyzer/wireshark -qt4
sys-fs/cryptsetup -gcrypt -kernel
dev-libs/elfutils static-libs
#app-crypt/mit-krb5 -pkinit
dev-lang/lua deprecated
net-misc/openssh -X509
app-crypt/qca gpg
media-gfx/dcraw -lcms
media-video/xine-ui -readline
media-libs/libvpx postproc
dev-libs/libgit2-glib ssh
dev-libs/libgit2 ssh
app-crypt/pinentry gnome-keyring
dev-java/icedtea-web -icedtea7

www-client/firefox system-cairo system-jpeg system-icu system-sqlite system-libvpx system-libs.

net-fs/samba client
dev-db/dbvis -jtds
media-gfx/zbar imagemagick
#dev-java/oracle-jdk-bin -nsplugin
#dev-java/oracle-jre-bin -nsplugin
dev-java/icedtea-web -nsplugin
dev-libs/libpcre pcre16
media-gfx/graphicsmagick imagemagick
media-gfx/imagemagick cxx
dev-python/PyQt4 compat webkit
dev-qt/qtsingleapplication qt5
dev-qt/qtlockedfile qt5
app-text/poppler qt5
dev-python/PyQt5 webkit
dev-python/qtwebkit printsupport
dev-qt/qtwebkit printsupport
net-misc/iputils -arping
app-crypt/pinentry -qt4
sys-devel/qconf -qt4
dev-libs/xmlsec nss
dev-libs/xmlsec gcrypt
media-libs/vigra openexr
sci-libs/hdf5 -threads
dev-python/qscintilla-python qt5
