net-analyzer/wireshark -qt4
sys-libs/talloc python
net-fs/cifs-utils ads
dev-libs/elfutils static-libs
app-crypt/mit-krb5 -pkinit
dev-lang/lua deprecated
net-misc/openssh -X509
app-crypt/pinentry gnome-keyring
#app-emulation/wine -vaapi
app-emulation/wine staging
dev-libs/libpcre pcre16
dev-libs/keybinder python
app-crypt/qca gpg
media-gfx/graphicsmagick imagemagick
app-text/texlive-core xetex
net-misc/networkmanager -nss
media-libs/cogl gles2
#media-plugins/alsa-plugins pulseaudio
media-libs/clutter egl
net-misc/curl -curl_ssl_nss
net-analyzer/rrdtool graph
dev-ruby/rrdtool-bindings graph
dev-java/oracle-jdk-bin -nsplugin
dev-libs/xmlsec gcrypt
dev-libs/xmlsec nss
dev-python/PyQt5 webkit
dev-qt/qtwebkit printsupport
mail-client/mutt -gnutls
media-libs/sdl2-mixer midi
app-editors/emacs -imagemagick
net-libs/nodejs inspector
dev-db/mariadb -pam
media-gfx/sane-backends -sane_backends_escl
net-analyzer/net-snmp -mysql
dev-libs/libdbusmenu gtk3
